 Good morning, Melinda. It is Monday to you, but technically it's Sunday, March 1st at 5.41.
 It just turned over, 5.41am. This is going up on my website.
 This is Monday, because I just posted the Sunday morning brief, you know, that I had the AI do yesterday.
 But I just texted you a little while ago, and I told you that today is the punchline.
 So I'm going to wait until tomorrow to post this, because I'm hoping you wait until at least Monday to call the cops.
 Because I'm not going to text you anymore. I really don't want you to think I'm harassing you.
 Because I feel like I'm kind of harassing you a little bit, but I'm really not trying to.
 I'm trying to, like, dance around the line of what's appropriate. You know, that's kind of the whole point.
 But, like, there's a legal point at which I start harassing you, and then that's illegal, and I do not want to cross that line at all.
 But I just texted you a picture that gives you the actual three options that you have.
 I told you you have three options. I told you which of the three options will result in one outcome.
 I told you that on Thursday. Okay. You didn't believe me.
 But you also didn't go to my website. And I just keep telling you to go to my website.
 I told you in November to go to my website, and you're like, I did.
 But my website changes all the time. I don't know when you went to my website.
 You didn't tell me when. I don't know what you saw.
 We can't talk about that. If you went to my website, you'd see that I'm trying to talk about my mother's death.
 But my mom's not dead. But whatever.
 But you never ask the right questions.
 But I asked you to commit me, and hopefully you're waiting until today, Monday.
 Well, I mean, I know today is Sunday, but I'm not going to post this on my website until Monday.
 I know this. I'm not confused.
 Okay.
 It's Sunday, March 1st, 542.
 I'm at 2755.
 Well, I probably...
 Did I already post my address on the internet?
 That's generally a bad idea.
 You know my address.
 The point is, I know where I am.
 That's a window. That's a wall.
 That's the ceiling.
 Welcome to America.
 Okay.
 So, option number one is you commit me.
 Hopefully you wait until at least Monday so I can show the cops this recording on my website.
 Which accelerates me.
 Hopefully.
 I mean, if not, then I get a vacation in a psych ward.
 And I do a high-five trick on all the patients for a week until the doctors just don't want me there anymore.
 But then, I made two columns.
 Or no, two rows.
 One's you, one's me.
 The first row is a big arrow that points to you, but it splits the arrow points to commit me and cancel on Thursday.
 So, option number two is cancel Thursday.
 But the big arrow is pointing from DSM-5 normal.
 Which points to my little graph, which I sent you yesterday.
 Which is how I think my brainwave works.
 How the DSM-5 normal thinks brainwave works.
 And how DSM-5 thinks my brainwave works.
 And how they're all very, very different.
 But the me way, if we want to do things my way.
 So, you think there's two ways.
 You think there's two options.
 You think the world is binary.
 There's you or me.
 There's not.
 There's three options.
 There's you commit me or you cancel.
 Those are both balls in your court.
 Or you put the ball back in my court.
 You go to michaelsenot.com.
 And you show your husband, which you're not allowed to do if I'm your patient, right?
 Okay, so you want me to not sign that paper.
 So, you can show your husband and not be liable.
 Therefore, your license would not be at stake.
 So, you have to fire me in order to get my research.
 Which I know sounds crazy.
 It does.
 But if you think about the facts.
 Not what I've told you are facts.
 But the actual facts.
 Not the things you wrote down in your notebook.
 Not the things that I wrote down in my notebook.
 But the actual numbers of it.
 In November, I told you to go to my website.
 I don't know when you or if you went.
 But I've been posting stuff there.
 Not to you.
 Just because I post stuff on my website.
 Not because I'm shouting to the world.
 Just because I have a website and I post stuff.
 It's my thoughts.
 What?
 It's a blog.
 Anyway.
 Like, you're pathologizing things that are just normal human behavior.
 And the government literally pays me to be crazy.
 And I'm crazy.
 So, I'm doing crazy things.
 But I'm not hurting anybody.
 I'm feeding myself.
 I'm bathing.
 I'm taking care of myself.
 I'm offloading my executive function disabilities to an AI.
 And it tells me when I'm fucking up.
 I'm trying to have that AI modeled after you, Melinda.
 Because you're really good at telling me when I'm fucking up.
 But my AI is pretty good at it, too.
 So, I'm not trying to code you out of a job.
 But I can.
 I'd rather code you into a job.
 Like, I want somebody who can tell me when I'm wrong.
 Because my mother just literally told me, I don't want to be your mother anymore.
 So, I jumped out of her fucking car.
 Yeah, that's crazy.
 But that hurt my fucking feelings.
 And she wouldn't fucking stop.
 I said, stop the fucking car.
 And she said, no.
 So, I fucking jumped out.
 What else can you do?
 There was one option.
 You have one option.
 Or three options.
 Whatever.
 One choice.
 Three options.
 I don't care which words you use.
 I'm not good at words.
 That's why I use the AI.
 So, it doesn't sound stupid and crazy.
 The next track will be AI.
 Or probably.
 I don't know.
 I don't remember.
 Yeah, the next one's the Sunday morning brief.
 There's nothing between them.
 This is Monday.
 I mean, it's currently Sunday morning.
 But you're going to hear this on Monday, hopefully.
 So that you don't call me.
 Because the point is, is if you call me on Monday, I know you're not fucking going to my website.
 And if you don't go to my website, then none of this makes sense.
 And I sound crazy.
 And you should probably have me committed.
 But I, but if you went to my website, if you've been following along, I went to the psych ward last night.
 No, not last night.
 That was the night before.
 Friday night.
 I went, well, time's weird to you because you're hearing the recording a day later.
 To me, that was two days ago.
 To you, it was three days ago.
 It was Friday night.
 But weekends don't count.
 So I really didn't want to go to the psych ward.
 But I challenged you on Friday, the worst day to challenge your therapist to go to, or Thursday.
 Like, because then I'm stuck there Friday and all weekend.
 And you know you don't see a doctor until Monday.
 Or I do, because I've been there 16 times.
 I've been pink slip 17 times.
 But I've been hospitalized 16 times.
 Because I talked myself out of it the last time.
 And I'm hoping that if I post this on my website, it'll work to talk me out of it again this time.
 But that's not a for sure.
 I don't know that the cop's going to give me 10 minutes.
 And I'm already six and a half minutes deep.
 So hopefully you're listening, officer.
 I respect you highly.
 I mean no offense by any of this.
 I'm playing a prank on the worst person to play a prank on.
 And I know it's a bad idea.
 But I need her help.
 I genuinely do.
 Not as my psychiatrist that, oh yeah, we were checking facts.
 I'm getting off topic.
 So it's easy for me to do.
 Because my brain goes in seven different circles at a time.
 Not crazy.
 Just higher processing power than you have.
 I'm not calling you stupid.
 I'm just saying my brain works different.
 That's why the government pays me SSDI.
 Which is why I don't need to go to a psych ward.
 Because I'm managing well.
 I'm managing so well that I'm developing an AI to offload my chores.
 And I have so much extra time now that I'm pranking my psychiatrist.
 Or psychologist.
 She's not even a psychiatrist.
 She's hopefully going to be a PhD soon if she accepts my research.
 Because I need a PhD to check my math.
 But I didn't ask her to be a PhD mathematician.
 I asked her husband to check my work because he's the mathematician.
 Come on guys.
 Keep up.
 Okay, so if you're not following along, this sounds a little aggressive.
 I'll calm it back down.
 Because if you are the police, and you could be, and you're listening to this, I think you're
 going to give me maybe exactly a maximum of ten minutes.
 Because I'm going to ask you, will you wait to arrest me for ten minutes to go to my website?
 And if you're a reasonable person, you'll ask me why.
 I will say because earlier today, or earlier this week, I posted the exact ten minute audio clip of why you should not arrest me.
 And that this is all just a joke.
 And he'll probably be intrigued enough to listen to a ten minute audio.
 But this isn't even ten minutes long.
 Why?
 Because I'm in 100% control from your perspective.
 Oh man, my screen went away.
 Hold on.
 Hold on.
 Hold on.
 Hold on.
 I fucked up.
 I'm not infallible.
 I'm just right.
 I proved Einstein wrong.
 I proved him wrong.
 I didn't think, I don't think he's wrong.
 I'm not delusional.
 Listen to the rest of the website.
 Spend more than five minutes.
 Oh wait, I'm getting up on nine minutes.
 Okay, I gotta end it before ten minutes.
 Because I said I would.
 I'll stop ranting on.
 Please, officer, don't arrest me.
 Please, Melinda, don't call the cops.
 Just call me from your personal cell phone.
 Actually, don't call me from your personal cell phone.
 That would be stupid.
 My personal cell phone's not saved in my phone.
 Your work phone's saved in my phone.
 It's the soon-to-be Dr. Melinda Francis, L-S-I-W.
 L-I-S-W.
 Didn't I tell you that Thursday?
 I told you that Thursday.
 That's what I actually saved in.
 So if you call me on Monday, I will answer.
 I will be disappointed, but I will be well.
 I will not be in the hospital, even though I could have been.
 True story.
 I really took an Uber to the real hospital,
 and I really walked in the front door
 with a real suitcase that you really saw behind me
 on real day Thursday,
 which was...
 I'm not going to do the math for you.
 It's Sunday.
 It's now 5.50.
 Oh, ten minutes!
