 I think I finally figured out the perfect way to explain what I need to explain to Dr. Francis.
 And I want to explain zero theory.
 And I think I cannot actually, like maybe pathologically, stop myself from explaining zero theory.
 But I think I know why.
 And that's what she's concerned about.
 She doesn't care about the math.
 She doesn't care about the truth.
 She doesn't.
 She doesn't care about the truth.
 That's what I'm trying to prove to her, that she should care about the truth.
 But she doesn't care about the truth.
 She doesn't.
 She does not.
 She cares that I am in alignment with society.
 That is her job.
 I didn't realize it, but her job is to make sure that I say 2 plus 2 equals 5.
 And then she's there to check on me every week.
 So that if I ever say 2 plus 2 equals 4, they lock me up again.
 So, this goes perfectly with the fact that we have 5 fingers on our hands.
 And this is what fucking bridged the gap for me.
 And maybe it'll bridge the gap for you.
 I don't know.
 Because 5 explains 0.
 Let me explain to you how the number 5 explains the number 0 perfectly.
 Not the number 7.
 The number 7 is a math trick.
 The number 5 is true.
 If you do the math, 5 comes to be true.
 Whatever.
 Well, I'll let you do that math.
 I'm not going to do it for you.
 But, okay.
 So, I said, you hold your fingers up.
 All 5 fingers.
 All 5 fingers.
 Your hands spread out.
 You know, like you're going to give somebody a high five with your fingers apart.
 Which would be a weird way to give somebody a high five.
 But, you know what I'm saying.
 High five.
 Bam.
 Okay.
 So, you hold your hand up.
 Like, you're going to give them a high five.
 They're going to hold their hand up too, right?
 Because they think you're giving them a high five.
 But, then you stop.
 And then their hand's in the air.
 And your hand's in the air.
 But, you pulled away.
 So, they don't know what to do, right?
 Okay.
 So, then you just spread your fingers out.
 And you're like, how many hands am I holding up?
 So, they're stuck there with their hand in the air expecting a high five.
 And you break the expected social norm.
 And you ask them a ridiculous question.
 Which is fine to ask Dr. Francis.
 Because, literally, last week, she asked me if I knew my own fucking name.
 That should be offensive.
 That should be fucking offensive.
 But, I didn't take it with offense.
 She even bowed down.
 Like, looked at me like, don't take this offensively.
 You know what I mean?
 Like, I remember her position of her body.
 Because, it informed me that she expected a violent reaction.
 And I immediately was like, oh, I know this drill.
 My name is Michael Semino.
 The date is.
 The place is.
 I live here.
 My address.
 This is the ceiling.
 That's a window.
 This is a wall.
 You know, I started explaining things she didn't ask.
 Because, I've been through the routine so many times.
 Because, that's what they think.
 That's what they tell you.
 That's what they ask you when they think you're crazy.
 So, her first question last week was to determine if I knew who the fuck I was.
 My question to her this week is, does she know who the fuck she is?
 So, okay.
 Let's go back to the scenario.
 You're about to high five somebody.
 You got them.
 You punked them.
 You got them to put their hand up.
 And then, you stopped.
 So, they're standing there with their hand in the air, ready for a high five.
 And you're just like, how many hands have I been holding up?
 So, they probably put their arm down.
 And they're like, no, no, no.
 Put your hand back up.
 They're like, okay.
 Because, they're so confused that they'll play along.
 That's my bet.
 I bet, not everybody.
 But, there's, if you did this to 100 people, probably most would play along.
 But, you'd at least get one.
 You'd get one person to put their hand back up.
 And then, you say, how?
 You repeat.
 How many hands have I been holding up?
 They're going to be like, one.
 And then, you say, okay, do like this.
 Close your fist.
 And they probably will.
 And if they don't, it doesn't matter.
 You don't wait for them to close their fist.
 You close your fist.
 Humans naturally mimic other humans' actions.
 So, if you tell them to close your fist, and then you close your fist,
 they're resisting you if they don't.
 They're playing along if they do.
 That's your next data point.
 Okay, so, even if they do or don't, it doesn't matter.
 You say, how many fingers am I holding up?
 Or, wait, before you close your fist, you say, how many fingers am I holding up?
 It doesn't matter if they say four or five.
 It really doesn't.
 It does not matter if they say four or five.
 Because the thumb, some people count it as a finger, some people don't.
 That's the trick.
 Okay, here, bear with me.
 So, they say four.
 They say five.
 Who gives a fuck?
 Then you close your fist.
 Say, now how many fingers are I holding up?
 Like, count them.
 Because there's one, two, three, four, five.
 Put your fingers back out.
 Close your fist.
 Now, how many?
 They're going to say zero.
 There's five, four, three, two, one.
 How many fingers are I holding up?
 Zero.
 But zero is nothing, right?
 Yeah, zero means nothing.
 Then where did my fingers go?
 They didn't disappear.
 They're not nothing.
 They're just inside my hand.
 Okay, so that's the, that's the, aha, oh, wait, there's five fingers.
 The five are still contained within the zero that represents the number of fingers.
 Because they're contained by the hand.
 How many hands are we holding up?
 If you hold up just a fist, they're still going to say one because you're still holding up one hand.
 The number of fingers is irrelevant to the number of hands.
 But the number of fingers, the number of hands is super relevant to the number of fingers.
 Do you see that?
 Okay, now, the next step is the room of people speaking about two plus two.
 So if I have a room of people speaking about two plus two.
 And I walk into the room late.
 Like, I'm late for class.
 And everybody's already in class.
 And the teacher's at the front of the room.
 And she's like, two plus two equals five, you know.
 And I walk in and everybody stops.
 Teacher stops.
 Everybody looks at me.
 And I just have that awkward moment of, I'm like, oh, fuck.
 Sorry, guys.
 Yeah.
 Go back to what you're doing.
 My bad.
 Didn't mean to be late.
 So then I sit in the back of the class.
 All right, right, right.
 And I'm looking at the board.
 And I'm like, two plus two does not equal fucking five.
 Does anybody disagree with the teacher?
 No?
 And then she says, go into groups amongst yourselves and talk about two plus two equals five.
 This was the analogy I thought.
 Okay.
 So, and I'm still confused.
 And then I literally go, two plus two equals four, guys.
 Two plus two equals four.
 And I scream.
 And they literally have me arrested.
 Not once.
 Not twice.
 But a dozen times?
 No.
 I think it's 16.
 I actually don't remember if it's 14 or 16.
 That means twice.
 Possible two times.
 I was, freedom was taken from me.
 And I was so drugged by those people who took my freedom that I do not remember where I was in this world.
 I do not have recollection, which I have perfect recall of every other moment of my life.
 Except those two instances.
 I can't even recall if I was there or not.
 That's how drugged they made me.
 That's how much chemicals they pumped into me to get me to stop saying two plus two equals four.
 But think about it again.
 What if I walked into that classroom and I was deaf?
 The teacher's writing on the board, it's two plus two.
 And I'm deaf.
 I don't hear her say two plus two equals five.
 I just see two plus two.
 She didn't write five yet.
 She's just talking.
 I just see wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah.
 Like, you know, the peanuts.
 The adults in the peanuts.
 Like, I can't hear her.
 I just.
 So, I write on my piece of paper, two plus two equals four.
 Because that's what it equals.
 You know, I just do the math.
 I didn't listen to her.
 I just did it.
 And then she asks everybody to hand in their paper.
 Well, she's going through it and she makes fun of me for not writing five.
 Because she literally just told the whole class it's equals five.
 Like, how did you get that wrong?
 I told, I told it to you.
 You didn't need to even figure it out.
 Like, I told you the answer.
 You didn't need to solve it.
 And I, but, but I'm like, I solved it anyways.
 You didn't need to tell me.
 They're like, no, no, no.
 But you solved it wrong.
 I'm like, no, no.
 You, you told me wrong.
 And they locked me up.
 But imagine I went into that room and I was deaf and everybody was holding up their hand.
 They were giving high fives.
 I thought they were giving high fives because I'm deaf and I saw everybody holding up their hand.
 But they were saying two plus two equals five.
 But I counted only four fingers, not five fingers because I don't consider the thumb a finger.
 So I said two plus two equals four.
 Because there's four fingers and one thumb.
 How many fingers am I holding up?
 Doctor.
 Not doctor, but Dr. Melinda Francis.
 I call you Dr. Melinda Francis out of respect for your intelligence.
 You're not a doctor.
 I know that.
 But Dr. Melinda Francis, this one's to you.
