 Dr. Melinda Francis, I am not crazy.
 I am recruiting you.
 You asked me to do my homework.
 You asked me to make a list of all the times I wanted to fire you.
 So I sent you that list, I said.
 I'm fucking with you. I'm testing you.
 I am recruiting you.
 Because I need someone like you.
 And I've recruited Richard.
 Via Nadia.
 And Nadia feeds me sometimes, but that stopped months ago.
 But sometimes I get so focused on my work, I just lose weight.
 I'm not crazy.
 I was just working on figuring out Einstein's equation, and I figured it out.
 Nothing I've told you is false.
 Nothing.
 Other than the fact that I want to fire you.
 But I never said that.
 Never once did I say I want to fire you.
 Can you prove it?
 You're going to say, yeah, I can prove it.
 It's in all my notes.
 Okay, can you prove it without something you said?
 Because that's on your word.
 Your word versus mine.
 You're like, it's in all my emails.
 You sent me a million emails.
 Okay, I wasn't allowed to send you emails.
 I wasn't allowed to send you texts.
 I wasn't allowed to contact you.
 Actually, legally, I'm not allowed to contact you.
 No, wait.
 Legally, you're not allowed to contact me.
 It's inappropriate socially for me to contact you.
 But legally, I'm allowed to.
 Unless I sign that document that they're going to make me sign.
 Because I've contacted you so many times.
 It's hilarious that they haven't made me sign something yet.
 Anyway.
 I'm waiting for them to give me a document to sign.
 So that I can breach it.
 So that you have to fire me.
 I don't want to fire you.
 I want to prove to you that I never said I wanted to fire you.
 You did.
 Since you said that, I let you believe your own lie.
 I've been recruiting you ever since November when you said that.
 When you asked me to make that list.
 Because I thought you might finally be able to figure it out.
 But if you go to my website, you'll hear this.
 And so will anybody else who goes to my website.
 But the only person I'm told to go to my website is you.
 So, I don't care who hears this.
 Because if you listen to the rest of the tracks.
 But you can.
 You can go to your email.
 They're all sent to you.
 I'm the transparent man.
 I'm not hiding anything.
 I'm right.
 I'm not infallible.
 I'm recruiting you because I need somebody who's not crazy to base my AI off of.
 Or it'll be crazy.
 Is that crazy?
 No.
 I can't call you and that's a problem for me.
 But you don't want me to call you if you don't believe me to be 100% correct.
 So, I needed to prove to you without the shadow of a doubt that you need to fire me, not the
 other way around, so that you can have my research.
 Thanks.
 Dr. Melinda Francis, consider yourself a future PhD who's been recruited by Michael Semino.
