 So I want to one-up the high-five trick.
 I just thought of a better way of doing it.
 Because it's all about delivery when it's a joke, right?
 Because this is a joke, it's serious, but the only way to break something this serious is with a joke.
 So you have to break the social norm to inform them that you're going to break every social norm, right?
 So there's, like, no chance you break the laws of physics and prove it to them if you can't first break their perception.
 That's the why.
 So you just throw your hand up to random strangers and you just throw your hand up to see if they'll try and high-five you.
 Most people will. I don't know why.
 That's a different question for a different time.
 But then you pull back, you know, they're left a hand in the air, they probably drop it relatively quickly because they realize you're fucking with them.
 But you're not just fucking with them to be a dick, you have a question.
 Which you must force in there before they accept your dick and walk away.
 But if you're a dick with a question, they might want to hear the end of it.
 Because they can conclude that you've just tricked them into trying to hear whatever you have to say, not tricked them into a high-five.
 So they'll probably hear you out.
 Not all of them, but you'll get a few.
 So at least you're the question.
 So you're like, sorry, sorry, sorry.
 But how many hands are we holding up?
 And they're going to look at you like you're fucking nuts.
 Some of them are just going to walk away.
 Some of them are going to be like, uh, like you have three heads.
 Some of them are just going to answer.
 And be like, one?
 Either way, you just lead them to the answer of one, because that's the correct answer.
 There's one hand in the air.
 So how many fingers are holding up?
 And they'll look back at your hand to check that you're holding up your hand still.
 The one they just looked at.
 But they'll validate it, because they need to check again, again for some reason.
 Even though they just saw, but they don't trust you, because you just pranked them.
 I guess that's the why.
 So they want to make sure you didn't put fingers down.
 So they look over, and you have all five fingers up.
 And you trick them with the idea of four or five doesn't matter.
 You just be like, four or five doesn't matter, whatever, okay.
 So five, four, I think the best way to do it is like slowly.
 Like pull your thumb in.
 You go five, four, three, two, one.
 Don't say the word zero.
 Just count your fingers.
 And put your fingers over your thumb.
 So you're holding your thumb into your palm.
 And you say five while holding up four fingers.
 You say four while holding up three fingers.
 You say three while holding up two fingers.
 You say two while holding up one finger.
 Say one when you put the finger, and you're holding up no fingers.
 You say the word one, okay?
 I don't know if you've got it yet, but most people won't.
 Because they just said one, answering the hand question.
 And you just said one, answering the finger question.
 So, you repeat, with your fingers closed, fists in the air, how many hands am I holding up?
 Now, they're totally confused if they didn't get it.
 They might be offended even, because they think you're fucking with them so much.
 Because this is obviously a ridiculous question.
 But, from my perspective, they got it wrong the first time.
 When they, or they're about to get it wrong.
 Like, it's a valid question.
 I don't, I genuinely do not know, if they know, how many fingers I'm holding up.
 Which, if you're just hearing this theory for the first time, sounds crazy.
 Because there's obviously zero fingers.
 Okay.
 Lucky.
 So, the ones that play along, they might even mimic you.
 If you can get them to put their hand back up, that's the best.
 I love when people mimic you.
 You're like, okay, close your fist.
 Because if you're holding your hand up, they'll mimic you.
 If they were going to do the high five.
 And then, you close your fist.
 Do, do like this, do like this.
 Get them to, get them to mirror you.
 And then, tight.
 Real tight.
 Hold it tight.
 How many fingers are holding up?
 I can think you're, like, making some joke about the fist.
 Like, hold tight, right?
 Like, that matters.
 It actually does, but whatever.
 We'll get there.
 And then, how many fingers are holding up?
 They're going to stay zero.
 Okay, but zero means nothing, right?
 Let's just establish what zero means, which, again, sounds ridiculous, but they'll probably
 play along if they squeeze their fist.
 And I'm just saying, it might take a few, a hundred, two hundred.
 It might take a bunch of people to get somebody to actually play all the way along to the end.
 But somebody will do it.
 Okay, so anyway.
 You get your fist.
 You ask them how many fingers.
 You said zero.
 You're establishing a baseline of what zero means.
 You say zero's nothing.
 Zero's nothing.
 No.
 If I have three apples, I eat three apples.
 I have no apples.
 There's no money in my bank account.
 None.
 Zilch.
 Nada.
 The void.
 Void of things.
 But my fingers are right here.
 I can see them.
 I'm not holding them up.
 But where'd my fingers go?
 If zero is void, where's my fingers?
 Or wait, wait.
 And then you put your fingers back up.
 Okay, now how many fingers am I holding them?
 Five.
 Five.
 Right, right, right.
 Now they're going to think you're fucked with them again, because you just asked them a simple
 question that you know they know the answer to, and you've established the answer to,
 so now you're a dick again.
 So you just answer it yourself, yeah, yeah, oh, five, look at your hand, like, oh, yeah,
 five, five, uh, five.
 So if I took a machete and I cut my fingers off, how many fingers would I, how many fingers
 am I holding up?
 And then close your fist, like, you, and imagine, like, chop them off.
 Chop.
 Now how many fingers am I holding?
 Zero?
 Okay, I can agree with you there.
 If you chop all my fingers off, I am holding up how many hands?
 And then they're laughing, because they, like, that's got to strike them as funny.
 Somebody thinks that's funny.
 I hope.
 Because now they're imagining you holding up a bloody nub, and you're still holding your
 hand in the air with this fist, like, pretending it's a bloody nub.
 And, like, hold it with the other hand like it's bleeding out, like, like, really playing
 up, like, not how many hands are holding up.
 And somebody might think that's funny.
 They're going to be like, one.
 How many fingers are I holding up?
 They're going to be like, zero.
 Agree with you there.
 But okay, magic's in my fingers back.
 Bam.
 They grew back.
 All right.
 Let me ask you one more time.
 Five fingers, right?
 Okay, we got that much.
 Now, close my fist.
 How many fingers have I been holding up?
 And now they're confused as fuck.
 If you got them to laugh before, they're rolling.
 Because they don't know where you're going.
 And unknown is funny, not scary.
 Everybody thinks death is scary because it's the unknown.
 No, death is the only thing you knew from birth.
 It's not scary.
 You were told it's scary because you were told you don't know what happens.
 What happens is you die.
 That's it.
 Okay, so the unknown fact that he has no idea where you're going with this bloody fist metaphor
 is hilarious to somebody, or I'm hoping, somebody on the internet maybe.
 Maybe I post this, and that person thinks it's funny.
 Thank you, whoever you are.
 Anyways, so you're holding a bloody fist, and you're just acting it up, holding your wrist
 with the other hand, like you're bleeding out, you're getting lower, you're dropping to a
 knee, you know, like, just, before I die, no, I'm overdramatic.
 I really try and play up the idea.
 Because if you can get them to laugh, it breaks the ice of the fact that you're explaining
 that they're stupid, without them realizing it.
 So, where'd my fingers go?
 After you, you know, you magic fingers come back, whatever, you pull them up, five fingers,
 five fingers, close my fist, okay, close my fist, where'd my fingers go?
 He said zero, but they definitely didn't get hacked off by a machete.
 So, does zero mean nothing?
 I mean, okay, hold on, hold on, let's try again, let's try again, let's start over.
 And then you put up two hands, you put up six fingers, you say, how many hands am I holding
 up?
 They're going to say two, if they're playing along, but nobody's playing along at this
 point, but the one, if you made them laugh, they're playing along, okay, so...
 You got six fingers holding, and then you say, okay, so I've got six fingers in the air.
 How many fingers am I holding?
 Like, after you just said it, they're going to think you're fucking with them, but you
 said it, and they see it, so, like, they won't know what to say.
 Some people are going to, like, stammer, because they literally, they can see six.
 I said six, it's six, there's no joke.
 But since I've been fucking with them, they assume there's a fucking with them portion.
 It's on them, not on me.
 The correct answer is six.
 But the next thing I'm going to ask is, how many hands am I holding up?
 So, how many hands am I holding up?
 Okay, it's two, we established that, we established that, whatever.
 Put your hands behind your back.
 Just close your fists.
 Say, now how many hands am I holding up?
 They're going to say zero.
 How many hands are from behind my back?
 They're going to say two.
 Say, how many fingers am I holding up?
 Say, I have no idea.
 Well, why not?
 Because I can't see your hands.
 Because I can't see your hands.
 So, would you say that it's important that I have hands?
 They're just like, yeah.
 Okay.
 Would you say you can count the number of hands I have behind my back?
 They're going to be like, yeah.
 Like, how many hands are behind my back?
 Like, two.
 Okay, how many fingers am I holding up?
 I mean, I don't know.
 I can't see them.
 But you can't see my hands either.
 So you're going to be like, yeah, but I can see your arms.
 Why does that matter?
 You're like, because your hands are attached to your arms.
 Dumbass.
 Like, I'm an idiot.
 Oh.
 But my fingers are attached to my hands.
 Why change you count them?
 How many fingers am I holding up?
 And then they're going to guess.
 And then they're going to guess.
 But you're still holding fists.
 No matter what they guess.
 Or if they say, I don't know.
 You pull out both hands as fists.
 And hold up both fists.
 You say ten.
 They're going to look at you like you're crazy as fuck.
 You're like, because two hands means you have ten fingers.
 And zero fingers up does not mean that I don't have any fingers.
 There's still ten fingers.
 Because fingers are attached to hands.
 Hands are attached to arms.
 That's how you could tell that I had hands behind my back.
 And the exact quantity of hands.
 But you could not tell the exact quantity of fingers.
 But when I hold up two hands.
 Or when I hold up six fingers.
 You know there's two hands.
 But when I hold up two fingers.
 You have no idea.
 Could be a peace sign.
 Or me dancing funny.
 And then just wiggle two fingers.
 One on each hand.
 And start doing a wiggly dance.
 They'll either crack up or just run.
 But I'm betting one.
 One person thinks it's the funniest thing they've seen all day.
 And either I go to an open mic night and I do this.
 Where it's acceptable.
 Or I go to a mall.
 Where I might get arrested.
 Lean in towards open mic night.
 But it's not nearly as dangerous.
 I like to have a little risk, obviously.
 If you've been following along, that's the obviously.
 If you don't know me, then there's a lot to catch up on.
 I'm Michael Simoneau.
 This has been The High Five Trick.
 Oh, no.
 I mean, this is Zeroth Theory.
 In.
 This is explaining the number zero is actually the number one.
 Which is actually Zeroth Theory by Michael Simoneau.
 You're welcome
