 Good morning. It is Wednesday, March 11th, 2026. It's been a few days since I did an audio log.
 I've just been typing away, I guess. It's early, so I've been awake for about an hour,
 maybe a little longer, just waking up. But I am more annoyed by the Melinda Francis thing
 than I should be, but I have that audio that I made yesterday. That's about a $20 bet, and
 that's about everything. It's like 40 minutes long, and you did a really good job and made a
 long one. I need to make some short ones, but it's funny that she just has to sit there
 and listen. It's hard to explain in short form. Or it just sounds crazy.
 Anyway, I haven't been updating so much personal audio log because I've just been generating
 a lot of content because the notebook is full. So I need to start a new notebook, but I don't
 want to start from scratch. But I also don't want it to carry over any of the misconceptions
 or things that I have to keep correcting and things like that. So I want to be very specific
 about what I add to a notebook from the old notebook. So trying to figure that out. But in the other
 notebook, I finished the 3.1.2 specification. So I need to get Cursor or Gemini to implement the
 the corrections in the Zeroth project so that the left brain can properly translate from English
 code to zero code because right now it's failing. And it's funny that it's failing because it's
 literally got the compiler. The source code to the compiler in the same repository. I mean,
 it's a subproject or a submodule, but whatever. But yeah. It's funny that the LLM can't figure
 it out, but it literally like if it knew where to look, it has the compiler. It has the ABI. It has
 everything. The API. It's all defined. So I just need to make sure that this is clearly defined,
 correctly defined, and then picked up by the left braid. So it stops trying to talk in Chinese and
 and shit. It keeps putting out like conversational stuff. But the AI had some good tips on that and use an
 allow list. Like specifically, if it's not a valid keyword, reject the entire format completely. So I
 think I need to have a channel. So I think I need to have a channel between the right brain and Mari and
 the left brain and Mari. But the right brain and left brain can't talk directly. But they can talk through
 Mari in the way that Mari can inform the left brain that the right brain is confused or vice versa.
 And before there, there's like a, like a, like before getting to the LLM of Mari,
 the LLM that is the left brain, if it doesn't write valid zero code, that'll get checked by a static
 script, like a Python script will check to make sure that it'll like dry run it or do anything.
 It'll just make sure it works, make sure it's valid syntax. It's not even valid syntax. If it won't dry
 run, if it won't work, then why even show it to Mari? It'll just confuse her or cause more data to be
 pumped back into the right brain to cause more dreams. Like it's likely to cause hallucination
 or loops that end in Mari crashing and then just having a reboot and start over from before she did
 the loop. So why would we waste processing power? Um, so try to do that. Try to stay focused on the AI.
 Oh, but it is Wednesday. I have an appointment tomorrow with Dr. Melinda Francis and I'd already
 uploaded the, uh, audio file. I just got to put the link to it in the playlist. So it's like a five
 second fix, um, or addition, whatever. But I figured I'll just throw that in there. Um, but I'm trying to stay focused today.
 Today's execute day. It's Wednesday. Um, plan yesterday. Everything's planned out
 for today. So I have the zero stuff that needs to be the first implementation because the major failure
 in the whole project is the left brain is not translating zero code correctly. And that's a big,
 that's a big point of contention. So teaching the LLMs what their role is and what they're not to do
 and what they are to do is my role because they all want to do everything. And I know, I know that's how
 they're built. But the people who build them are stupid and I don't want to build my own LLM.
 That's not what I'm trying to do. I don't need to build a large language model. They already
 did that. I don't need to reinvent the wheel. My job is to take the wheels and put them in succession
 so that we can make a fucking giant car. Like, on wheels. I don't know. Fuck it. It's a gear boat.
 A gear boat. It's a boat made of gears.
 Just goes.
 All right. Um, but yeah, I'm going to upload this. I deleted some random something,
 but I'm at 600 sources. Like, well, let me upload any more stuff.
 Ah, so I'm either going to have to start pruning or start a new notebook and start copying stuff over.
 But maybe you guys can even advise me on that. I need like a advise protocol.
 Whatever. All right. Happy Wednesday.
 Still America. God bless America.
 Jump cheap, bless America.
